Role of Cyber Security :
Cyber security is important for an organization to protect its assets which can be accessed over a computer network.
By assets I mean anything and everything that's important for the organization, whether its some data kept on a server
, email transactions, employee records, etc.

Some of the ways in which an organizations assets can be harmed :-
1. Important piece of information can be leaked to their competitors which might cause a loss in terms of buisness value.
2. The data can be removed or erased and the organization will have to reproduce all of it, in case if they didnt have any backup.

Cyber security can help in protecting an organization's assets by preventing unauthorized access to them.
For example :
	We can consider an organization's employee database as one of its critical assets. Now if someone with
	criminal intent can get their hands on to that database then they can use the details about employees 
	like their phone numbers, house address, etc. , to their(criminal's) benefit, causing problems for the employees, 
	or might just erase it which obviously will cause problems for the organization since they will no longer
	have their employee records, especially the HR dept. :-) (... joking ..)
	Thus Cyber Security can help the organization by not allowing unauthorized people to access critical
	information or any information at all for that matter.

Technology Principles of Cyber Security:
Confidentialiy, Integrity and Availability are the principles of security which ensure that information is exchanged between 
intended users without leaking it to a third person (confidentiality) or without causing any damage/manipulations(integrity) 
to the actual information.
For instance, chat messages between two people are something that requires confidentiality and integrity.

Access contol:
Access control is used to allow/deny permissions to people, for accessing the resources or providing 
access to only a limited part. Its can also be used to keep track of the activities performed by 
different users on the network.

Access contol has three different stages of control : Authentication, Authorization, Auditing.

Authentication: 
Authentication is required to prove one's indentity.
For example :
When you knock on someone's door, they usually ask "Who's that ? (politely)" ,as a response to which you indetify 
yourself by telling your name or any other indications that confirm your indentity.

Similarly, authentication in Cyber Sec. requires a user to provide a set of credentials, generally a combination of username and password.
In broader terms authentication is one way for you to identify yourself to the authority.
Different types of authentications are :
1. Who knows (passwords...)
2. Who has (2 factor authentication, eg: one time passwords(OTP))
3. Who is (Biometric scans)


Authorization: 
Once users are inside the network, they are or not allowed to do anything, depending on what authorization they have.
For instance: 
In an organization an employee's access card may only have authorization for opening normal doors and not 
the ones where access is restricted like the server rooms.

Auditing:
Auditing is about keeping track of one's activity. CCTV surveillances are a good analogy of auditing.
With reference to a computer network it can mean : 
1. To keep record of commands executed by a user.
2. To record services used by the user.

And all the way it can go as deep as recording what keys you pressed ever since you got into the system.
